FAQ on costs covered (#529)
w3f/Grants-Program: docs/faq.md

  Teams with a proven track record may apply for larger grants through [this application form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfMfjiRmDQDRk-4OhNASM6BAKii7rz_B1jWtbCPkUh6N7M2ww/viewform).
</details>

<details>
  <summary><b>What activities/positions do you fund?</b></summary>

>   The Web3 Foundation's Grants Program aims to fund coding and research activities that are beneficial for the ecosystem as a whole. As such, we don't usually fund tangential costs, such as deployment and hosting costs, external consultants, maintenance or audits.

Reviewer: For infrastruc we would fund audits and maintenance. Just not for projects that have a business model.

Reviewer: And regarding external consultants, I guess it depends on what the external consultants actually do.

Reviewer: But we don’t fund marketing or similar activities etc.

Reviewer 2: I thought we didn't fund infrastructure?

Author: > And regarding external consultants, I guess it depends on what the external consultants actually do.

Can you elaborate? Coders are fine, I suppose? "business-specific activities" perhaps?

Author: > For infrastruc we would fund audits and maintenance. Just not for projects that have a business model.

How can we phrase that? `not-for-profit projects`? `public good projects`?

Reviewer: > I thought we didn't fund infrastructure?

We fund key infrastructure. I’m referring to api clients, the go implementation, etc.

Reviewer: > > And regarding external consultants, I guess it depends on what the external consultants actually do.
> 
> Can you elaborate? Coders are fine, I suppose? "business-specific activities" perhaps?

Yes, I was referring to code is fine ;-)

Reviewer: > > For infrastruc we would fund audits and maintenance. Just not for projects that have a business model.
> 
> How can we phrase that? `not-for-profit projects`? `public good projects`?

Sounds good.

>   The Web3 Foundation's Grants Program aims to fund coding and research activities that are beneficial for the ecosystem as a whole. As such, we don't usually fund tangential costs, such as business-specific activities (marketing, business planning), events or outreach, and — for non-infrastructure projects — deployment and hosting costs, maintenance or audits. We also expect you to have a good understanding of the technologies you are planning to use, so we don't fund time spent learning how to use Substrate or how to write ink! smart contracts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The Web3 Foundation's Grants Program aims to fund software development and research activities that are beneficial for the ecosystem as a whole. As such, we don't usually fund tangential costs such as business-oriented activities (marketing, business planning), events or outreach, and—for non-infrastructure projects—deployment and hosting costs, maintenance or audits. We also expect you to have a good understanding of the technologies you are planning to use, meaning that we don't fund time spent learning how to use Substrate or how to write ink! smart contracts.
```
